It's interesting to trace
where the demand is coming from,
and of course, it's a bit
of a challenge to see
because we only see
the intersection
of supply and demand.
However, because
the supply of technology
is motivating and
enabling Fintech,
the demand side
turns out to be key.
Doing something new
enabled by technology,
so that's a better experience.
It happens more accurately,
it happens with greater scale,
it happens less expensively.
It opens new markets,
including not just among
the wealthy in the United States,
but all the way
down to the base of
the pyramid in wealth
distribution around the world.
Really, once again, brings us
back to what are attitudes.
So a lot of ways to
look at attitudes
toward adoption of Fintech.
A recent Federal Reserve
Board of Governors report
on consumer and Mobile
Financial Services was telling.
In the survey, something like,
this is for US respondents,
over the last 12 months,
65 percent of those surveyed
in the United States paid
a bill using a mobile phone
or mobile phone web browser,
so an app on a mobile phone
or its web browser.
Over 40 percent purchased
an actual physical item
using a browser,
they paid for something in
a store using a mobile phone.
They were involved
in remittances using
Fintech companies like
Venmo or PayPal or so,
or just commercial banking apps,
25 percent of respondents did.
They paid for
transportation or made
a donation between 12 and
20 percent, did those,
or ultimately, used financial
enabled transfer
across countries.
Use of a mobile phone over
just that recent
12-month period found
that huge proportions of
respondents felt
comfortable sending,
or interacting, or allocating
money using their phones.
As you'll see in just a bit,
the adoption of these attitudes
in the activities that are
involved has rapidly developed
in just the last five years.